{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f1\b MOBILE
\f0\b0 \
Put the editable canvas at the top - by default have the \'93Filled waveform on the canvas at a large size so that the user knows to interact with it. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mobile responsiveness bottom shows darker gray \
Mobile shows export at the top but nothing shows that it records first and then exports \
On mobile, the editor box doesnt show when \
\
\
\
\

\f1\b TWEAKS
\f0\b0 \
We should by default have the filled waveform on the canvas at a large size so that the user\
knows to interact with it. \
\
\
Music icon in Start Here needs to be bigger and centered in the circle \
.quick-start-ready-icon svg\'a0\{\
	\
\
Lets make sure when someone uses the mircrophone that it saves as the audio file in use. \
If microphone is used its the same as upload or drop in audio. Check attached java incude images\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ______________________________\
\
Let's create it to have a light theme or dark theme choice- add those variables in CSS. We can include\
a soft fade over 250ms.  And if it can save the users preference in localStorage that would be good. \
We can use icons in the purple bar\'85 and the icons be color-friendly to the purple and not yellow - and no text. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \uc0\u9728 \u65039  Studio Light \u55356 \u57113  Midnight Studio\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
Saving their templates \'97 Saving drafts \
\
Is ther a way to save what is used as  atemplate\
\
const analyser = audioCtx.createAnalyser();\
\
// Resolution settings\
analyser.fftSize = 2048;               // The most highly used sweet spot. Provides 1024 data points.\
// analyser.fftSize = 512 or 1024;     // Use if you are drawing simple, chunky bars.\
\
// Sensitivity & Range settings\
analyser.minDecibels = -90;            // Standard baseline. Prevents the wave from dropping to flat lines too quickly.\
analyser.maxDecibels = -10;            // Keeps loud, clipping sounds from flattening out at the top of the canvas.\
\
// Dynamic Smoothing\
analyser.smoothingTimeConstant = 0.85; // Default is 0.8. Set to 0.85 for a smoother, less jittery waveform.\
\
\
\
\
\
Mirror bars\
number of bars 95\
\
Advanced FFT\
20Hz-16000Hz   fall 220ms\
\
low cut off 0Hz\
High cut off 16000 HZ\
\
FFT Scale Linear  \
\
Noise Floor -90db\
Peak Ceiling -20db\
Gain 1x\
rtise Smooth 45ms\
Fall Smooth 220ms}